Congratulations everybody well done for completing this section and I'm amazed at what we're able to
do already and what you've demonstrated.
You were students when you've been sharing over in the discussions how far you can go with just these
simple tools that you've been given so far.
Of course there's much much more because we've only just scratched the tip.
Now there's a couple of things that you can do before moving onto the next section.
You can obviously share your work that'll be really good if you haven't done already.
Now do remember that practice makes perfect.
So if you're not quite sure not quite confident yet to proceed on do make some other models have a look.
Other students have done for a bit of inspiration as well.
If you're getting stuck there are some wonderful things over on the forums so do.
Go check that out.
And finally if you're ready and you're ready to go then let's jump into Section Two where we're going
to start manipulating the fundamental bits of geometry vertices edges and faces.
And I'll see you all over there.
Take care.